Documentation Kubernetes Blog Training Partners Community Case Studies Versions v1.20 v1.19 v1.18 v1.17 v1.16 English 中文 Chinese 한국어 Korean 日本語 Japanese Français Italiano Deutsch Español Português Bahasa Indonesia Tiếng Việt Русский Polski Українська Production-Grade Container Orchestration Automated container deployment, scaling, and managementLearn Kubernetes Basics Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. It groups containers that make up an application into logical units for easy management and discovery. Kubernetes builds upon 15 years of experience of running production workloads at Google, combined with best-of-breed ideas and practices from the community. Planet Scale Designed on the same principles that allows Google to run billions of containers a week, Kubernetes can scale without increasing your ops team. Never Outgrow Whether testing locally or running a global enterprise, Kubernetes flexibility grows with you to deliver your applications consistently and easily no matter how complex your need is. Run K8s Anywhere Kubernetes is open source giving you the freedom to take advantage of on-premises, hybrid, or public cloud infrastructure, letting you effortlessly move workloads to where it matters to you. The Challenges of Migrating 150+ Microservices to Kubernetes By Sarah Wells, Technical Director for Operations and Reliability, Financial TimesWatch Video Attend KubeCon NA virtually on November 17-20, 2020 Attend KubeCon EU virtually on May 4 – 7, 2021 Kubernetes Features Automated rollouts and rollbacks Kubernetes progressively rolls out changes to your application or its configuration, while monitoring application health to ensure it doesn't kill all your instances at the same time. If something goes wrong, Kubernetes will rollback the change for you. Take advantage of a growing ecosystem of deployment solutions. Service discovery and load balancing No need to modify your application to use an unfamiliar service discovery mechanism. Kubernetes gives Pods their own IP addresses and a single DNS name for a set of Pods, and can load-balance across them. Service Topology Routing of service traffic based upon cluster topology. Storage orchestration Automatically mount the storage system of your choice, whether from local storage, a public cloud provider such as GCP or AWS, or a network storage system such as NFS, iSCSI, Gluster, Ceph, Cinder, or Flocker. Secret and configuration management Deploy and update secrets and application configuration without rebuilding your image and without exposing secrets in your stack configuration. Automatic bin packing Automatically places containers based on their resource requirements and other constraints, while not sacrificing availability. Mix critical and best-effort workloads in order to drive up utilization and save even more resources. Batch execution In addition to services, Kubernetes can manage your batch and CI workloads, replacing containers that fail, if desired. IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack Allocation of IPv4 and IPv6 addresses to Pods and Services Horizontal scaling Scale your application up and down with a simple command, with a UI, or automatically based on CPU usage. Self-healing Restarts containers that fail, replaces and reschedules containers when nodes die, kills containers that don't respond to your user-defined health check, and doesn't advertise them to clients until they are ready to serve. Case Studies "Kubernetes is a great platform for machine learning because it comes with all the scheduling and …"Read more "Kubernetes is a great solution for us. It allows us to rapidly iterate on our clients' demands. "Read more "We realized that we needed to learn Kubernetes better in order to fully use the potential of it. At …"Read more "We made the right decisions at the right time. Kubernetes and the cloud native technologies are now …"Read more Case Studies We are a CNCF graduated project Interested in receiving the latest Kubernetes news? Sign up for KubeWeekly. Home Blog Training Partners Community Case Studies © 2021 The Kubernetes Authors | Documentation Distributed under CC BY 4.0 Copyright © 2021 The Linux Foundation ®. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page ICP license: 京ICP备17074266号-3